🀀翻译人员🀅:YipYanYeung🀀校对🀅🀀人员🀅:GraceMan
🀀轻声🀅🀀的🀅🀀噼啪🀅、🀀焦焦🀅🀀的🀅🀀香味🀅🀀代表🀅🀀着🀅🀀坚硬🀅🀀的🀅🀀种子🀅§🀀Soft🀅 🀀percussion🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀toasty🀅 🀀scent🀅 🀀mark🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀violent🀅 🀀transformation🀅
🀀骤🀅🀀变成🀅🀀了🀅🀀云朵🀅🀀般的🀅🀀膨化🀅🀀小🀅🀀零食🀅。§🀀of🀅 🀀tough🀅 🀀seeds🀅 🀀into🀅cloud-like 🀀puffs🀅.
🀀这🀅🀀就是🀅🀀制作🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀近乎🀅🀀神奇🀅🀀的🀅🀀过程🀅。§🀀This🀅 🀀is🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀almost🀅 🀀magical🀅 🀀process🀅 🀀of🀅popcorn-making.
🀀但🀅🀀我们🀅🀀究竟🀅🀀是🀅🀀怎么🀅🀀想🀅🀀出🀅🀀这种🀅🀀大开🀅🀀脑洞🀅🀀的🀅🀀食物🀅🀀的🀅🀀呢🀅？§🀀But🀅 🀀how🀅 🀀did🀅 🀀we🀅 🀀actually🀅 🀀end🀅 🀀up🀅 🀀with🀅 🀀this🀅 🀀whimsical🀅 🀀food🀅?
🀀如今🀅🀀我们🀅🀀吃🀅🀀的🀅🀀所有🀅🀀玉米🀅🀀都🀅🀀源自🀅🀀一种🀅🀀名为🀅“🀀墨西哥🀅🀀野🀅🀀玉米🀅”🀀的🀅🀀高大🀅🀀草本🀅，§🀀All🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀corn🀅 🀀eaten🀅 🀀today🀅 🀀is🀅 🀀derived🀅 🀀from🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀tall🀅 🀀grass🀅 🀀called🀅 🀀teosinte🀅,
🀀现今🀅🀀墨西哥🀅🀀南部🀅🀀的🀅🀀土著人🀅§🀀which🀅 🀀Indigenous🀅 🀀people🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀what🀅 🀀is🀅 🀀now🀅 🀀southern🀅 🀀Mexico🀅
🀀大约🀅🀀在🀅9000🀀年前🀅🀀就🀅🀀已经🀅🀀开始🀅🀀选择性🀅🀀培育🀅🀀这种🀅🀀植物🀅🀀了🀅。§🀀began🀅 🀀selectively🀅 🀀breeding🀅 🀀about🀅9.000 🀀years🀅 🀀ago🀅.
🀀每🀅🀀一个🀅🀀墨西哥🀅🀀野🀅🀀玉米🀅🀀能🀅🀀产出🀅5🀀至🀅12🀀颗🀅🀀玉米粒🀅，§🀀An🀅 🀀ear🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀teosinte🀅 🀀originally🀅 🀀yielded🀅 🀀somewhere🀅 🀀between🀅5 🀀and🀅12 🀀small🀅 🀀kernels🀅,
🀀每🀅🀀一颗🀅🀀玉米粒🀅🀀都🀅🀀有🀅🀀一个🀅🀀硬壳🀅，🀀称为🀅“🀀果皮🀅”。§🀀each🀅 🀀with🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀hard🀅 🀀shell🀅 🀀called🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀pericarp🀅.
🀀有些🀅🀀品种🀅🀀有个🀅🀀很🀅🀀神奇🀅🀀的🀅🀀特质🀅：§🀀And🀅 🀀some🀅 🀀varieties🀅 🀀had🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀fantastic🀅 🀀feature🀅:
🀀一旦🀅🀀达到🀅🀀了🀅🀀特定🀅🀀温度🀅，🀀它们🀅🀀的🀅🀀内核🀅🀀就会🀅🀀爆开🀅。§🀀if🀅 🀀they🀅 🀀reached🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀certain🀅 🀀temperature🀅, 🀀their🀅 🀀kernels🀅 🀀exploded🀅.
🀀爆米花🀅🀀的🀅🀀内核🀅🀀会🀅🀀爆开🀅🀀是因为🀅🀀水🀅🀀和🀅🀀淀粉🀅§🀀Popcorn🀅 🀀kernels🀅 🀀pop🀅 🀀because🀅 🀀water🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀starch🀅
🀀紧紧🀅🀀地🀅🀀密封🀅🀀在🀅🀀果皮🀅🀀内🀅。§🀀are🀅 🀀sealed🀅 🀀tightly🀅 🀀within🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀pericarp🀅.
🀀一旦🀅🀀加热🀅，🀀内含🀅🀀的🀅🀀水分🀅🀀就🀅🀀会🀅🀀变成🀅🀀水蒸气🀅。§🀀When🀅 🀀heated🀅, 🀀the🀅 🀀moisture🀅 🀀inside🀅 🀀becomes🀅 🀀steam🀅.
🀀内核🀅🀀膨胀🀅🀀的🀅🀀同时🀅，🀀内🀅🀀压强🀅🀀会🀅🀀增加🀅，§🀀As🀅 🀀it🀅 🀀expands🀅, 🀀it🀅 🀀increases🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀internal🀅 🀀pressure🀅
🀀固态🀅🀀淀粉🀅🀀也🀅🀀转化🀅🀀为了🀅🀀胶状🀅🀀物质🀅。§🀀and🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀solid🀅 🀀starch🀅 🀀transforms🀅 🀀into🀅 🀀a🀅gel-like 🀀substance🀅.
🀀最终🀅🀀压强🀅🀀超过🀅🀀了🀅🀀果皮🀅🀀的🀅🀀阻力🀅，🀀于是🀅🀀就🀅🀀爆开🀅🀀了🀅——§🀀The🀅 🀀pressure🀅 🀀finally🀅 🀀overcomes🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀pericarp🀅’ 🀀s🀅 🀀resistance🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀it🀅bursts—
🀀水蒸气🀅🀀和🀅🀀淀粉🀅🀀膨胀🀅🀀形成🀅🀀了🀅🀀一个🀅🀀泡沫🀅，§🀀the🀅 🀀steam🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀starch🀅 🀀expanding🀅 🀀to🀅 🀀form🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀foam🀅
🀀在🀅🀀空气🀅🀀中🀅🀀快速🀅🀀冷却🀅、🀀干燥🀅。§🀀that🀅 🀀quickly🀅 🀀cools🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀dries🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀air🀅.
🀀这场🀅🀀小型🀅🀀爆炸🀅🀀也🀅🀀把🀅🀀化合物🀅🀀推🀅🀀了🀅🀀出去🀅，§🀀From🀅 🀀this🀅small-scale 🀀explosion🀅 🀀also🀅 🀀rush🀅 🀀forth🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀compounds🀅
🀀让🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀释放🀅🀀出🀅🀀强烈🀅🀀的🀅🀀香味🀅。§🀀that🀅 🀀give🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀its🀅 🀀powerful🀅 🀀aroma🀅.
🀀古代🀅🀀美洲🀅🀀土著人🀅🀀培育出🀅🀀了🀅🀀其他🀅🀀玉米🀅🀀品种🀅，§🀀Ancient🀅 🀀Indigenous🀅 🀀American🀅 🀀people🀅 🀀cultivated🀅 🀀other🀅 🀀maize🀅 🀀varieties🀅
🀀具有🀅🀀更大🀅、🀀更🀅🀀有🀅🀀味道🀅🀀的🀅🀀内核🀅🀀及🀅🀀更🀅🀀薄🀅🀀的🀅🀀果皮🀅。§🀀with🀅 🀀larger🀅, 🀀more🀅 🀀flavorful🀅 🀀kernels🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀thinner🀅 🀀pericarps🀅.
🀀但🀅🀀硬壳🀅、🀀可爆🀅🀀的🀅🀀品种🀅🀀也🀅🀀流传🀅🀀了🀅🀀下来🀅，§🀀But🀅 🀀the🀅hard-shelled, 🀀poppable🀅 🀀variety🀅 🀀also🀅 🀀persisted🀅
🀀席卷🀅🀀了🀅🀀美洲🀅🀀的🀅🀀部分🀅🀀地区🀅。§🀀and🀅 🀀spread🀅 🀀through🀅 🀀parts🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀Americas🀅.
🀀在🀅🀀欧洲🀅🀀殖民者🀅🀀于🀅15🀀世纪🀅🀀后期🀅🀀抵达🀅🀀之🀅🀀时🀅，§🀀By🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀time🀅 🀀European🀅 🀀colonizers🀅 🀀arrived🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀late🀅1400s,
🀀美洲🀅🀀土著🀅🀀已经🀅🀀能🀅🀀花式🀅🀀烹制🀅、🀀食用🀅🀀玉米🀅🀀了🀅。§🀀Indigenous🀅 🀀American🀅 🀀people🀅 🀀were🀅 🀀preparing🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀eating🀅 🀀corn🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀myriad🀅 🀀manners🀅.
🀀爆米花🀅🀀不是🀅🀀他们🀅🀀日常🀅🀀总是🀅🀀会🀅🀀吃🀅🀀的🀅🀀食物🀅。§🀀Popcorn🀅 🀀wasn🀅’ 🀀t🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀major🀅 🀀part🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀their🀅 🀀diets🀅.
🀀但是🀅🀀它🀅🀀被🀅🀀欧洲人🀅🀀记载🀅🀀了🀅🀀下来🀅，§🀀But🀅 🀀it🀅 🀀popped🀅 🀀up🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀European🀅 🀀accounts🀅,
🀀记录🀅🀀了🀅🀀如何🀅🀀制作🀅“🀀烤制🀅”🀀或🀅“🀀烘干🀅”🀀玉米🀅§🀀which🀅 🀀described🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀preparation🀅 🀀of🀅“ 🀀toasted🀅” 🀀or🀅“ 🀀parched🀅” 🀀corn🀅
🀀和🀅🀀它🀅🀀在🀅🀀阿兹特克🀅🀀宴会🀅🀀和🀅🀀庆典🀅🀀上🀅🀀的🀅🀀用途🀅。§🀀and🀅 🀀its🀅 🀀use🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀some🀅 🀀Aztec🀅 🀀feasts🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀celebrations🀅.
🀀虽然🀅🀀一🀅🀀开始🀅🀀不情🀅🀀不愿🀅，§🀀Despite🀅 🀀initial🀅 🀀reluctance🀅,
🀀殖民者🀅🀀最终🀅🀀还是🀅🀀开始🀅🀀培育🀅，🀀也🀅🀀开始🀅“🀀爆🀅”🀀玉米🀅🀀了🀅。§🀀colonizers🀅 🀀eventually🀅 🀀began🀅cultivating— 🀀and🀅popping— 🀀corn🀅.
🀀他们🀅🀀最初🀅🀀采用🀅🀀的🀅🀀方式🀅🀀参差不齐🀅、🀀一塌糊涂🀅。§🀀The🀅 🀀methods🀅 🀀they🀅 🀀used🀅 🀀at🀅 🀀first🀅 🀀were🀅 🀀inconsistent🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀messy🀅.
🀀但🀅🀀随着🀅1837🀀年🀅🀀左右🀅🀀烧烤🀅🀀篮🀅🀀的🀅🀀发明🀅，§🀀But🀅 🀀with🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀invention🀅 🀀of🀅“ 🀀wire🀅 🀀over🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀fire🀅” 🀀baskets🀅 🀀around🀅1837,
🀀整个🀅🀀过程🀅🀀都🀅🀀简单🀅🀀了🀅🀀一些🀅。§🀀the🀅 🀀process🀅 🀀got🀅 🀀easier🀅.
🀀不久🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀就🀅🀀风靡🀅🀀了🀅🀀起来🀅，§🀀Soon🀅, 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀picked🀅 🀀up🀅 🀀steam🀅
🀀以🀅🀀廉价🀅、🀀有趣🀅🀀的🀅🀀小🀅🀀零食🀅🀀名声大噪🀅。§🀀and🀅 🀀exploded🀅 🀀with🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀reputation🀅 🀀as🀅 🀀a🀅low-cost, 🀀entertaining🀅 🀀snack🀅.
🀀在🀅🀀接下来🀅🀀的🀅🀀几十年🀅🀀里🀅，§🀀Over🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀following🀅 🀀decades🀅,
🀀它🀅🀀成为🀅🀀了🀅🀀各大🀅🀀活动🀅🀀的🀅🀀中流砥柱🀅，🀀上🀅🀀百个🀅🀀配方🀅🀀层出不穷🀅，§🀀it🀅 🀀became🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀mainstay🀅 🀀at🀅 🀀events🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀hundreds🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀recipes🀅 🀀materialized🀅,
🀀给🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀加上🀅🀀甜甜🀅🀀咸咸的🀅🀀配料🀅。§🀀mixing🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀with🀅 🀀sweet🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀savory🀅 🀀ingredients🀅.
🀀但🀅🀀这🀅🀀还🀅🀀不是🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀的🀅🀀巅峰🀅。§🀀But🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀had🀅n't 🀀yet🀅 🀀reached🀅 🀀its🀅 🀀height🀅.
🀀在🀅1893🀀年🀅🀀的🀅🀀世界🀅🀀哥伦比亚🀅🀀博览会🀅🀀上🀅，§🀀At🀅 🀀the🀅1893 🀀World🀅’ 🀀s🀅 🀀Fair🀅, 🀀an🀅 🀀inventor🀅 🀀showcased🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀first🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀machine🀅:
🀀一位🀅🀀发明家🀅🀀展示🀅🀀了🀅🀀第一台🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀机🀅：
🀀一辆🀅🀀在🀅🀀烹制🀅🀀时🀅🀀把🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀丢进🀅🀀调味料🀅🀀的🀅🀀小车🀅。§🀀a🀅 🀀wagon🀅 🀀that🀅 🀀tossed🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀seasoning🀅 🀀as🀅 🀀it🀅 🀀cooked🀅.
🀀不久🀅🀀后🀅，🀀小贩🀅🀀们🀅🀀就🀅🀀带🀅🀀着🀅🀀这样🀅🀀的🀅🀀机器🀅🀀出现🀅🀀在🀅🀀了🀅🀀美国🀅🀀的🀅🀀街头巷尾🀅。§🀀Soon🀅 🀀enough🀅, 🀀vendors🀅 🀀could🀅 🀀be🀅 🀀seen🀅 🀀roving🀅 🀀US🀅 🀀city🀅 🀀streets🀅 🀀with🀅 🀀similar🀅 🀀machines🀅.
🀀有趣🀅🀀的🀅🀀是🀅，🀀电影院🀅🀀还是🀅🀀当时🀅🀀美国🀅🀀为数不多🀅§🀀Interestingly🀅, 🀀movie🀅 🀀theaters🀅 🀀were🀅 🀀some🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀only🀅 🀀American🀅 🀀venues🀅
🀀不🀅🀀售卖🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀的🀅🀀场所🀅。§🀀where🀅 🀀you🀅 🀀wouldn🀅’ 🀀t🀅 🀀find🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀at🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀time🀅.
🀀许多🀅🀀电影院🀅🀀老板🀅🀀认为🀅🀀他们🀅🀀的🀅🀀产业🀅§🀀Many🀅 🀀cinema🀅 🀀operators🀅 🀀saw🀅 🀀their🀅 🀀establishments🀅
🀀作为🀅🀀大🀅🀀剧院🀅🀀传统🀅🀀的🀅🀀一部分🀅，🀀与🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀格格不入🀅——§🀀as🀅 🀀part🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀grand🀅 🀀theater🀅 🀀tradition🀅 🀀at🀅 🀀odds🀅 🀀with🀅popcorn—
🀀他们🀅🀀认为🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀是🀅🀀一种🀅🀀邋遢🀅、🀀没🀅🀀品味🀅🀀的🀅🀀街头🀅🀀食品🀅。§🀀what🀅 🀀they🀅 🀀considered🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀messy🀅.low-brow 🀀street🀅 🀀food🀅.
🀀但🀅🀀当🀅1929🀀年🀅🀀大🀅🀀萧条🀅🀀袭🀅🀀来时🀅，§🀀However🀅, 🀀when🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀Great🀅 🀀Depression🀅 🀀hit🀅 🀀in🀅1929,
🀀电影🀅🀀让🀅🀀大众🀅🀀可以🀅🀀愉悦🀅🀀地🀅🀀逃避现实🀅。§🀀movies🀅 🀀provided🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀public🀅 🀀with🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀welcome🀅 🀀distraction🀅.
🀀不再🀅🀀是🀅🀀默片🀅🀀加上🀅🀀字幕🀅，🀀而是🀅🀀配🀅🀀上🀅🀀音效🀅，§🀀And🀅 🀀they🀅 🀀had🀅 🀀recently🀅 🀀gone🀅 🀀from🀅 🀀being🀅 🀀silent🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀subtitled🀅 🀀to🀅 🀀acquiring🀅 🀀sound🀅,
🀀更🀅🀀容易🀅🀀触及🀅🀀更🀅🀀广泛🀅🀀的🀅🀀受众🀅，§🀀making🀅 🀀them🀅 🀀accessible🀅 🀀to🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀wider🀅 🀀audience🀅,
🀀包括🀅🀀无🀅🀀读写能力🀅🀀人士🀅。§🀀including🀅non-literate 🀀people🀅.
🀀一包🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀大概🀅🀀五🀅🀀美分🀅🀀或🀅🀀十🀅🀀美分🀅，§🀀At🀅 🀀about🀅 🀀five🀅 🀀or🀅 🀀ten🀅 🀀cents🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀bag🀅,
🀀为🀅🀀影迷🀅🀀提供🀅🀀了🀅🀀价格低廉🀅🀀的🀅🀀享受🀅，§🀀popcorn🀅 🀀proved🀅 🀀an🀅 🀀inexpensive🀅 🀀luxury🀅 🀀for🀅 🀀moviegoers🀅,
🀀所以🀅🀀影院🀅🀀老板🀅🀀牢牢🀅🀀抓住🀅🀀了🀅🀀这个🀅🀀吸金🀅🀀机会🀅。§🀀so🀅 🀀theater🀅 🀀operators🀅 🀀pounced🀅 🀀on🀅 🀀the🀅money-making 🀀opportunity🀅.
🀀如今🀅，🀀中份🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀的🀅🀀制作🀅🀀成本🀅🀀大约🀅🀀为🀅60🀀美分🀅，§🀀Today🀅, 🀀a🀅 🀀medium🀅 🀀bag🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀might🀅 🀀cost🀅 🀀about🀅60 🀀cents🀅 🀀to🀅 🀀make🀅,
🀀但🀅🀀售价🀅🀀约🀅🀀为🀅6🀀美元🀅——1000%🀀的🀅🀀加成🀅。§🀀but🀅 🀀retail🀅 🀀for🀅 🀀around🀅$6— 🀀a🀅1.000% 🀀markup🀅.
🀀爆米花🀅🀀收入🀅🀀大约🀅🀀占🀅🀀电影院🀅🀀总🀅🀀利润🀅🀀的🀅40%，§🀀Popcorn🀅 🀀sales🀅 🀀generate🀅 🀀nearly🀅40% 🀀of🀅 🀀all🀅 🀀movie🀅 🀀theater🀅 🀀profits🀅,
🀀部分🀅🀀抵消🀅🀀了🀅🀀电影院🀅🀀支付🀅🀀给🀅🀀电影🀅🀀制片方🀅🀀的🀅🀀高昂🀅🀀费用🀅。§🀀helping🀅 🀀to🀅 🀀offset🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀high🀅 🀀prices🀅 🀀that🀅 🀀theaters🀅 🀀pay🀅 🀀film🀅 🀀studios🀅.
🀀过去🀅🀀的🀅🀀一个🀅🀀世纪🀅🀀里🀅，🀀美洲🀅🀀的🀅🀀人们🀅🀀持续🀅🀀爆着🀅🀀玉米🀅，§🀀Over🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀last🀅 🀀century🀅, 🀀people🀅 🀀throughout🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀Americas🀅 🀀continued🀅 🀀popping🀅 🀀corn🀅,
🀀各种🀅🀀做法🀅🀀席卷🀅🀀了🀅🀀世界各地🀅🀀的🀅🀀市场🀅。§🀀and🀅 🀀different🀅 🀀preparations🀅 🀀took🀅 🀀hold🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀markets🀅 🀀worldwide🀅.
🀀上🀅🀀世纪🀅80🀀年代🀅，🀀微波炉🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀问世🀅，§🀀When🀅 🀀microwavable🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀was🀅 🀀launched🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀the🀅1980s,
🀀爆米花🀅🀀掀起🀅🀀了🀅🀀新一轮🀅🀀风潮🀅。§🀀popcorn🀅 🀀popped🀅 🀀off🀅 🀀yet🀅 🀀again🀅.
🀀美国🀅🀀现在🀅🀀培育🀅🀀着🀅🀀琳琅满目🀅🀀的🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀品种🀅。§🀀Dozens🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀kinds🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀are🀅 🀀now🀅 🀀grown🀅 🀀in🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀US🀅.
🀀不同🀅🀀品种🀅🀀在内🀅🀀核爆🀅🀀开时🀅🀀会🀅🀀呈现出🀅🀀不同🀅🀀的🀅🀀形状🀅，§🀀Different🀅 🀀strains🀅 🀀assume🀅 🀀distinctive🀅 🀀shapes🀅 🀀when🀅 🀀their🀅 🀀kernels🀅 🀀explode🀅,
🀀最🀅🀀常见🀅🀀的🀅🀀是🀅“🀀蘑菇🀅🀀形🀅”🀀和🀅“🀀蝴蝶🀅🀀形🀅”。§🀀most🀅 🀀commonly🀅 🀀taking🀅so-called“ 🀀mushroom🀅” 🀀and🀅“ 🀀butterfly🀅” 🀀forms🀅.
🀀它们🀅🀀被🀅🀀培育出🀅🀀了🀅🀀最佳🀅🀀的🀅“🀀可爆🀅🀀能力🀅”。§🀀And🀅 🀀they🀅’ 🀀ve🀅 🀀been🀅 🀀bred🀅 🀀for🀅 🀀supreme🀅 🀀poppability🀅.
🀀过去🀅🀀百年🀅，🀀爆米花🀅🀀膨胀🀅🀀的🀅🀀程度🀅🀀已经🀅🀀翻番🀅：§🀀Over🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀last🀅 🀀century🀅, 🀀the🀅 🀀amount🀅 🀀that🀅 🀀popcorn🀅 🀀expands🀅 🀀has🀅 🀀doubled🀅:
🀀现在🀅🀀的🀅🀀内核🀅🀀已经🀅🀀可以🀅🀀爆出🀅🀀原始🀅🀀大小🀅🀀的🀅🀀高达🀅50🀀倍🀅🀀体积🀅。§🀀now🀅, 🀀kernels🀅 🀀can🀅 🀀reach🀅 🀀up🀅 🀀to🀅50 🀀times🀅 🀀their🀅 🀀original🀅 🀀size🀅 🀀upon🀅 🀀popping🀅.
🀀虽然🀅🀀这种🀅🀀说法🀅“🀀黍🀅”🀀不胜🀅“🀀黍🀅”，🀀但🀅🀀爆米花🀅🀀取得🀅🀀了🀅🀀突飞猛进🀅🀀的🀅🀀发展🀅。§🀀Not🀅 🀀to🀅 🀀be🀅 🀀corny🀅, 🀀but🀅 🀀popcorn🀅’ 🀀s🀅 🀀come🀅 🀀a🀅 🀀long🀅 🀀way🀅.
🀀本🀅🀀视频🀅🀀的🀅🀀制作🀅🀀由🀅🀀万豪🀅🀀酒店🀅🀀集团🀅🀀支持🀅。§🀀This🀅 🀀video🀅 🀀was🀅 🀀made🀅 🀀possible🀅 🀀with🀅 🀀support🀅 🀀from🀅 🀀Marriott🀅 🀀Hotels🀅.
🀀万豪🀅🀀集团🀅🀀旗下🀅🀀超🀅590🀀家🀅🀀酒店🀅🀀和🀅🀀度假村🀅🀀遍布🀅🀀全球🀅，§🀀With🀅 🀀over🀅590 🀀hotels🀅 🀀and🀅 🀀resorts🀅 🀀across🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀globe🀅,
🀀唤起🀅🀀内在🀅🀀的🀅🀀好奇心🀅，🀀踏上🀅🀀奇妙🀅🀀旅程🀅。§🀀Marriott🀅 🀀Hotels🀅 🀀celebrates🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀curiosity🀅 🀀that🀅 🀀propels🀅 🀀us🀅 🀀to🀅 🀀travel🀅.
🀀来🀅🀀探索🀅TED🀀-🀅Ed🀀和🀅🀀万豪🀅🀀合作🀅🀀的🀅🀀有趣🀅🀀内容🀅，§🀀Check🀅 🀀out🀅 🀀some🀅 🀀of🀅 🀀the🀅 🀀exciting🀅 🀀ways🀅TED-Ed 🀀and🀅 🀀Marriott🀅 🀀are🀅 🀀working🀅 🀀together🀅
🀀预定🀅🀀你🀅🀀在🀅🀀万豪🀅🀀酒店🀅🀀的🀅🀀下🀅🀀一次🀅🀀旅程🀅。§🀀and🀅 🀀book🀅 🀀your🀅 🀀next🀅 🀀journey🀅 🀀at🀅 🀀Marriott🀅 🀀Hotels🀅.